                                                                                                                                   bl
                                                                                                                                   b3
                                                                                                                                   b7E
(U//FOUO) The FBI investigation indicated Clinton was aware her use of a personal device, e-
mail account, and server did not negate her obligation to preserve federal records. On January 23,
2009, Clinton contacted former Secretary of State Colin Powell via e-mail to inquire about his
use of a BlackBerry while he was Secretary of State (January 2001 to January 2005).bb’189 In his
e-mail reply, Powell warned Clinton that if it became “public” that Clinton had a BlackBerry,
and she used it to “do business,” her e-mails could become “official record[s] and subject to the
law.” 190 Powell further advised Clinton, “Be very careful. I got around it all by not saying much
and not using systems that captured the data.” 191 Clinton indicated to the FBI that she understood
Powell's comments to mean any work-related communications would be government records,
and she stated Powell's comments did not factor into her decision to use a personal e-mail
account.192 In an e-mail to Mills on August 30, 2011, State Executive Secretary, Stephen Mull,
cited a request from Clinton to replace her temporarily malfunctioning personal BlackBerry with
a State-issued device.193 Mull informed Mills that a State-issued replacement device for
Clinton's personal BlackBerry would be subject to FOIA requests.194 On that same day, Bentel
sent a separate e-mail to Hanley, which was later forwarded to Abedin, stating that e-mails sent
to a State e-mail address for Clinton would be “subject to FOIA searches.” 195 A State-issued
device was not ultimately issued to Clinton; in her FBI interview, Abedin stated she felt it did not
make sense to temporarily issue Clinton a State BlackBerry because it would have required
significant effort to transfer all of her e-mails and contacts to a device that she would have only
used for a few days.196 The Mull and Bentel e-mails to Mills and Hanley did not indicate that
transferring e-mail and/or contacts from Clinton's clintonemail.com account would be necessary
to issue her a State BlackBerry. 197>198>199 Abedin stated she always assumed all of Clinton's
communications, regardless of the account, would be subject to FOIA if they contained work-
related material.200

(U//FOUO) While State policy during Clinton's tenure required that “day-to-day operations Tat
State] be conducted on [an authorized information svsteml. ,201 according to the                                                   b6
                                                                                                                                   b7C
the Bureau of Information Security Management!_____________ there was no restriction on the
use of personal email accounts for official business/0^ However, State employees were
cautioned about security and records retention concerns regarding the use of personal e-mail. In
2011, a notice to all State employees was sent on Clinton's behalf, which recommended
employees avoid conducting State business from personal e-mail accounts due to information
security concerns.203 Clinton stated she did not recall this specific notice, and she did not recall
receiving any guidance from State regarding e-mail policies outlined in the State FAM.204
Interviews with two State employees determined that State issued guidance which required
employees who used personal e-mail accounts for State business to forward those work-related
                                                                      2 Qc 206
e-mails to their official State account for record-keeping purposes. ’ Investigation
determined that State used the State Messaging and Archive Retrieval Toolset (SMART), which
allows employees to electronically tag e-mails to preserve a record copy. 207,208,209 According to
                      _then State' \                                              SMART was                                        b6
                                                                                                                                   b7C
developed to automate and streamline the process for archiving records. ^^According to the

bb (U) According to the State OIG report, when Powell arrived at State in 2001, the official unclassified e-mail system in place
only permitted communication among State employees; therefore, Powell requested the use of a private line for his America
Online (AOL) e-mail account to communicate with individuals outside of State. Prior to Powell's tenure, State employees did not
have Internet connectivity on their desktop computers. During Powell1s tenure. State introduced unclassified desktop external e-
mail capability on a system known as OpenNet.

                                                       Page 11 of 47
                                                                                                                                   bl
                                        SECR]                                                                                      b3
                                                                                                                                   b7E
