                                                                                                           bl
                                                                                                           b3
                                                                                                           b7E
                                ~ H rr?i?f/7 D in ;o ^

that way .” 429 When interviewed by the FBI, authors of the e-mails stated that they used their
best judgment in drafting the messages and that it was common practice at State to carefully               bl



s
word e-mails on UNCLASSIFIED networks so as to avoid sensitive details or “talk around’!"
       "[classified
        '           information 430,43l,432,4?T*

                         Jformer[
declined to comment on the e-mails. 43j
                                                     Istated the information in thel


                                                     referenced news articles claiming e-mailson
                                                                                                           b3
                                                                                                           b6
                                                                                                           hlC



Clinton's server were over-classified, but after seeing the e-mails during the interview, stated he
“now understood why people were concerned about this matter.”436 Sullivan indicated he had no
reason to believe any State employee ever intentionally mishandled classified information.437

(S//0 C/NF) The FBI interviewed four USIC executives stationed both in the United States and
overseas!                                                             —|«8,439,44o,44i The USIC
executives reviewed thel     le-mail chains which transited Clinton1s personal e-mail account              bl
and assessed that some of the e-mail chains should he considered classified442,443,44!        I            b3


                                                  h™ However, two of the USIC executives
interviewed said some of thel                                                          I


(S//QG/NF) A majority of the USIC executives interviewed expressed concerns with how State
handled              ^4 9 ,4 5 0 ,4 5 1 According to a JTSTP PYPrntivp who Ijaj been stationed overseas1         bl
                                                                                                                 b3
State employees were aware of the sensitivities




(U//FOUO) On April 9, 2016, Mills, who served as Chief of Staff to Clinton at State between
2009 and 2013, was interviewed by the FBI. During this interview, Mills was provided seven e-
mails which contained information later determined to be classified. While Mills did not
specifically remember any of the e-mails, she stated that there was nothing in them that
concerned her regarding their transmission on an unclassified e-mail system.455 Mills also stated
that she was not concerned about her decision to forward certain of these e-mails to Clinton.456
In reviewing e-mails related to the SAP referenced above, Mills explained that some of the e-
mails were designed to inform State officials of media reports concerning the subject matter and
that the information in the e-mails merely confirmed what the public already knew.457

(U//FQU0 ) The FBI interviewed Sullivan on February 27, 2016. Sullivan, who between 2009
and 2013 served at State first as the Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy and then as the Director of
Policy Planning, communicated extensively with Clinton by e-mail. Their communications
included both e-mails written by Sullivan and e-mails written by others that Sullivan forwarded
to Clinton. During the interview, the FBI asked Sullivan to review approximately 14 e-mails
Sullivan sent or received on unclassified systems that were later determined to contain classified
information up to the TOP SECRET/SAP level. Sullivan did not specifically recall the e-mails,
aside from recognizing some of them from the materials released pursuant to FOIA litigation, but

                                             Page 24 of 47
                                                                                                           bl
                                                                                                           b3
                                                                                                           b7E
