                                                                                                                                     bl
                                                                              >R                                                     b3
                                                                                                                                     b7E
    mailsqqq that Blumenthal sent to Clinton containing information in memorandum format. The
    State FOIA process identified 24 memos from Blumenthal that contained information currently
    classified as CONFIDENTIAL and one as SECRET both when sent and currently.472,473 The FBI
    interviewed Blumenthal on January 7, 2016. According to Blumenthal, the content of the
    memos, which addressed topics to include Benghazi and foreign political developments, was
    provided to him from a number of different sources to include former USIC employees and
    contacts, as well as contacts within foreign
              __ . 474,475,476,477,478,479,480,481,482,483,484,485,486,487 t h , m m
    governments.                                                           The memos contained a notation ofr
    “CONFIDENTIAL”1™and then often included a source summary statement151515similar to those
    frequently found in USIC intelligence products.488,489,490 Blumenthal indicated he was not tasked
    to provide this information to Clinton; rather, he provided it because he deemed the information
    helpful, which Clinton occasionally acknowledged via e-mail.491 Clinton often forwarded the
    memos to Sullivan asking him to remove information identifying Blumenthal as the originator
    and to pass the information to other State employees to solicit their input.492,493 According to e-
    mails between Clinton and Sullivan, Clinton discussed passing the information to the White
    House, other USG agencies, and foreign governments.111,494,49

    E.     (U//FOUO) Clinton's Statements Related to Classified E-mails Found on Her Personal
    Server Systems

    (S//OC/NF) On July 2, 2016, the FBI interviewed Clinton. Clinton was aware she was an
    Original Classification Authority (OCA) at State; however, she could not recall how often she
    used this authority nor could she recall any training or guidance provided by State. Clinton
    could not give an example of how the classification of a document was determined; rather she
    stated there was a process in place at State before her tenure, and she relied on career foreign
    service professionals to appropriately mark and handle classified information.497 Clinton
    believed information should be classified when it relates to                         the use of                                   bl
                                                                                                                                      b3
    sensitive sources, or sensitive deliberations.498
                                    deliberations.W hen asked whether she believed information
    should be classified if its unauthorized release would cause damage to national security, Clinton
    responded “yes, that is the understanding. ,499

(U) (^/©C/I'ff) Clinton did not recall receiving any e-mails she thought should not have been on an
    unclassified system.500 She relied on State officials to use their judgment when e-mailing her and
    could not recall anyone raising concerns with her regarding the sensitivity of the information she
    received at her e-mail address.501 The FBI provided Clinton with copies of her classified e-mails
    ranging from CONFIDENTIAL to TOP SECRET/SAP and Clinton said she did not believe the
    e-mails contained classified information.502 Upon reviewing an e-mail classified
    SECRET//NOFORN dated December 27, 2011, Clinton stated no policy or practice existed

    qqq (U/7FOUO) The FBI obtained 177 of Blumenthal's memos from the e-mails provided by Williams & Connolly as part of
    Clinton's production to the FBI. The FBI recovered two additional memos during the investigation from BlackBerry backups
    provided by Cooper; State did not provide a classification determination on those additional memos.
    m (L7/FOUO) According to Blumenthal, “CONFIDENTIAL” meant the memo was personal in nature and did not refer to
    classified USG information.
    sss (XJ//FQUQ) According to Blumenthal, the individual who provided the content for a number of the memos authored the source
    summary statements (caveats provided regarding the source of information) in the memos.
    m (U//FOUO) Investigation was unable to determine if any of Blumenthal1s memos were forwarded to the White House, or to
    other USG agencies and foreign governments, as Sullivan's OpenNet sent items were not present in the data provided by State to
    the FBI.

                                                           Page 26 of 47
                                                                                                                                     bl
                                            SECRET//OR                                                                               b3
                                                                                                                                     b7E
