                                                                                                                                       bl
                                                                                                                                       b3
                                                                                                                                       b7E



surprised if classified information was being transmitted to Clinton's personal server.
            further recommended that e-mail transiting from a state.gov account to the server                                           b6
                                                                                                                                        b7C
should be sent through a Transport Layer Security (TLS)5™*tunnel.507 Pagliano advised that the
transition to TLS never occurred.511,512 The FBI was unable to forensically determine if TLS was
implemented on the Pagliano Server.

(U//FOUO) When asked about the maintenance and security of the server system he
administered, Pagliano stated there were no security breaches, but he was aware there were many
failed login attempts, which he referred to as brute force attacks. zzz’513 He added that the failed
attempts increased over the life of the Pagliano Server, and he set up the server's logs to alert
Cooper when they occurred.514 Pagliano knew the attempts were potential attackers because the
credentials attempting to log in did not match legitimate users on the system.515 Pagliano could
not recall if a high volume of failed login attempts emanated from any specific country.516

(U//FOU0) In an attempt to thwart potential attacks, Pagliano set up Internet Protocol (IP)
filtering3333 on the firewall and tried to review the firewall log files once a month.512 After the
Pagliano Server was established. Cooper put Pagliano in contact with                      a United                                      b6
                                                                                                                                        b7C
States Secret Service (USSS) agent, who recommended Pagliano also perform outbound filtering
of e-mail traffic.518 Pagliano further considered, but ultimately did not implement, a Virtual
Private Network (VPN)bbbb or two-factor authenticationcccc to better secure administrative access
to the server system by him and Cooper.519 The FBI forensically determined that Remote
Desktop Protocol (RDP)dddd was enabled on the Pagliano Server and was used by Pagliano,
Cooper, and later PRN, for remote administration of the server.520 While the availability of RDP




*™(U) TLS is a protocol that ensures privacy between communicating applications, such as web browsing, e-mail, and instant­
messaging, with their users on the Internet. TLS ensures that no third-party eavesdrops on the two-way communication. TLS is
the successor to SSL and is considered more secure.
yyy (U) According to the State OIG report, State policy (12 FAM 544.3) stipulates normal day-to-day operations must be
conducted on an authorized system. In the absence of a device, such as a State OpenNet terminal, employees can send most
Sensitive But Unclassified (SBU) information unencrypted via the Internet only when necessary, with the knowledge that the
nature of the transmission lends itself to unauthorized access, however remote that chance might be. Furthermore, in August
2008, 12 FAM 682.2-5 was amended and mandated that SBU information on non-Department-owned systems at non-
Departmental facilities had to meet certain criteria. Employees had to: 1) ensure that SBU information was enciypted; 2) destroy
SBU information on their personally owned and managed computers and removable media when the files are no longer required;
and 3) implement encryption certified by the National Institute of Science and Technology (NIST), among other things. Although
12 FAM 682.2-5 was Anther amended in 2009, 2011, 2014, and 2015, the basic requirements did not change.
zzz (U) A brute force attack is a trial-and-error method used to obtain information, such as a password or personal identification
number (PIN). In a brute force attack, passwords may be attempted manually or automated software can be used to generate a
large number of consecutive guesses as to the targeted information.
aaaa (U) IP filtering is the practice of identifying and manually blocking IP addresses based on the identification of patterns that
are indicative of a potential attack.
bbbb (U) VPN is a private network that runs on top of a larger network to provide access to shared network resources, which may
or may not include the physical hard drives of individual computers, as in the case of Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP). VPN
offers an additional layer of security by encrypting the data traveling to the private network before sending it over the Internet.
Data is then decrypted when it reaches the private network.
cccc ^ Two-factor authentication is a method of confirming a user's claimed identity by utilizing a combination of two different
components, often something the user knows and something the user has—such as a RSA keyfob/token.
dddd (U) RDP is a proprietary protocol developed by Microsoft that allows a user to remotely connect to another computer over a
network connection to view the computer and control it remotely. RDP is implemented in eveiy version of Windows starting with
Windows XP.

                                                         Page 28 of 47
                                                                                                                                        bl
                                                                                                                                        b3
                                                                                                                                        b7E
