                                        -^ P F TiV^ r ynNfNfff ^ iR                                                                   bl
                                                                                                                                      b3
                                                                                                                                      b7E
increase in unauthorized login attempts into the Apple iCloudhhhh account likely associated with
Clinton's e-mail address1111during this time period. Investigation determined all potentially
suspicious Apple iCloud login attempts were unsuccessful.538 Additionally, PRN made various
network changes to the PRN Server around March 7, 2015, to include disabling the server's
public-facing VPN page and switching from SSL protocol to TLS to increase security.539 Staff
also discussed the possibility of conducting penetration testing-™ against the PRN Server to
highlight vulnerabilities in the network.540 The FBI interviewed an employee of the company
with which PRN had discussed the issue. The employee stated that the topic was broached but
that penetration testing against the PRN Server, ultimately, did not happen.541

B.        (U//FOUO) Cyber Analysis of Clinton's Mobile Devices

(U/7FOUO) The FBI does not have in its possession any of Clinton's 13 mobile devices which
potentially were used to send e-mails using Clinton's clintonemail.com e-mail addresses. As a
result, the FBI could not make a determination as to whether any of the devices were subject to
compromise. Similarly, the FBI does not have in its possession two of the five iPad devices
which potentially were used by Clinton to send and receive e-mails during her tenure.542,543’544"
The FBI forensically examined two of the three iPadskkkk it obtained and found no evidence of
cyber intrusion.546

C.        (U//FOUO) Cyber Targeting of Clinton's Personal E-mail and Associated Accounts

(S///OC/NF) Investigation identified multiple occurrences of phishing and/or snear-nhi shine e-
mails sent to Clinton's account during her tenure as Secretary of State.54!                                                           bl
                                                                                                                                      b3
                                                                                                                                      b6
                                                                                                                                      b7C




                                                                                                                                      bl
(S//OC/NF) Clinton received another phishing e-mail, purportedly sent from the personal e-mail
                                                                                                                                      b3
account of a State official!              I The e-mail contained a potentially malicious                                              b6
link. Clinton replied to the e-mail                   stating, “Is this really from you? I was                                        b7C
                             553   5
worried about opening it!
In a separate incident              Abedin sent an e-mail tc          indicating Clinton was

1,111111(U//FOUO) Apple iCloud is a cloud storage medium available to users of Apple products. Clinton is known to have used
Apple iPads during the course of her tenure, and hdr22@clintonemail.com was likely used as her ApplelD to set up a new Apple
device.
m (U//TOU0) While the NYT article did not reveal Clinton's e-mail address—and by default the domain name—it is very likely
those who tried to gain access to the related Apple iCloud account searched for and found the e-mail address in open sources.
News articles from 2013 contained a screenshot of Blumenthal's communication with “hdr22,” thereby divulging Clinton's e-
mail alias. Other outlets mentioned the domain name in articles but withheld Clinton's e-mail alias. Clinton's full e-mail address
could therefore have been ascertained through piecing together various sources.
1111(U) Penetration testing, more commonly known as pentesting, is the practice of testing a computer system, network, or web
application to find vulnerabilities that an attacker could exploit.
        (UM'Olf©) The third iPad the FBI obtained was not actually used by Clinton. Shortly after it was purchased, it was given as
a gift to a member of her staff, and therefore the FBI did not forensically examine the device.
1111(U) RAT is a piece of software that facilitates remote operation of a computer system.

                                                         Page 30 of 47
                                                                                                                                      bl
                                                                                                                                      b3
                                                                                                                                      b7E
