                                                                                                               bl
H M f o a i f e v . Ki-iV>S:                                                                                   b3




Cminuatiw                      of......... n a fe ftMbam cfintait______________ ,   ? m   ____.4,____
CLINTON’S stall'was provided with a secure ceil phone, but C.UNTON did not recall the circumstances
or frequency with which this event occurred.

 fl)            -CLINTON requested a secure BlaekBerry while at State, but could not recall why they
were unable to pm vide one. She was aware President Obama hud one and it seemed convenient* Her
request was not out of concern for the sensitivity of the information on her then-current device.
CLINTON wanted the secure BlaekBerry to deal with any future contingencies and thought it would be a
good Idea to have a secure cell. After reviewing a memo written for CHERYL MILLS by ERIC
BOSWELL, CLINTON stated she never brought her unclassified BlaekBerry- Into her SLIP for the
masons outlined in the memo, Shewould keep her BlaekBerry- outside of the SCIF and cheek it in n«n-
SC1F areas of State , when traveling to her office, at speeches, and other occasions outside of the office.

        (U/MX1Q) CLINTON did not recall receiving any emails she thought should not he on an
■unclassified system. She relied on State officials to use their judgment when emailing her and could not
recall anyone raising concerns with her regarding the sensitivity of the information she received at her
email address, CLINTON had frequent in-person meetings with State personnel where:classified
information was communicated, including a daily 8:30 AM staff tneeiing and numerous other walk-in and
walk-out meetings during -the day.

        (MflKQUO) CLINTON used a private email -address with AT&T during her time in the Senate for
officialand personal use, CLINTON recalled knowing her husband,- WILLIAM J. CLINTON, .had private
email addresses for his aides, CLINTON did not recall her specific conversations regarding the creation of
the cUntoneraaii.com domain, but around January 2009, directed aides to create the email account. It was
a matter of convenience to move ontoaaystem maintained by her husband’s staff CLINTON was aware
there was a server Ln her basement at Chappaqua, hut did nut know of the various server systems until
being made aware recently. CLINTON did not recall receiving guidance front State regarding email
policies outlined in the Foreign Affairs Manual. CLINTON advised everyone at Suite knew she had a
private email address because it was displayed to anyone with whom- she exchanged emails; however, she
did not explicitly request permission to use a private server or email address. During her tenure, no one at
Suae raised concerns regarding CLINTON'S use of a private server or emailaddress,

       (U/rPOUQ) After reviewing an email from POWELL with the subject line “Re: Question,*’
CLINTON stated she did not want to guess precisely what POWELL was trying to say in paragraph three,
but understood it to mean any communications of official business would be government records. This
email did not factor into her decision to use a personal email account.

        (U/flPOUQ) After reviewing an email dated Pehruary L 2009 with the subject line “Re: Follow
upT CLINTON stated she did not continue to receive entail at her AT&T address after transitioning to her
eiintottemail.com address. Some aides had access to CLINTON’SBlaekBerry -and email accounts, but she
did not recall specifically who had access. Additionally, CLINTON did not recall any specific routine for
deleting email from her account while Secretary of State, nor did she recall ever receiving any messages



                                                                                                               bl
                                      •sW S E 6 e E 'fi                                                        b3
