                                                                                                           bl
                         i VJift                                       mm?                                 b3
i OOU&mRcv. Sti-S-W




vm nm w afftfoia                                                 -          * * -__ *ft
ALBRIGHT. From the letter, CLINTON understood Stale was concerned there were gaps in their records
and requested CLINTON’S assistance in filling those gaps. CLINTON wanted to assist State, so she
directed her legal team to assist in any way they could. CLINTON expected her team to provide any
work-related or arguably work-related emails to State; however, she did not participate in the
development of the specific process to be used or discussions of the locations where her emai is might
exist. AdditionalSy, CLINTON was not consulted on specific emails as to their content being work-
related or not. CLINTON did not have any conversations regarding procedures if any potentially
classified information was discovered during- the review of her emails because she had no reason to
believe classified information would he found in her email account.

         (IWFOUO) Aiter rev iewing an email dated November 26,2010 with the subject line '%MbZ call -
7:1Sam,” CLINTON stated she recalled the time period of the 'WikiLeaks disclosures because it was a
.difficult time for State; She spent long hours on the phone with foreign diplomats addressing the
 WikiLeaks disclosures and ensuring no one was in danger as a result of the disclosures. Regarding the
specific email, C’UNTON did not know why it was not in the approximately 30,000-emails produced to
State and, based on its content, would expect it to be considered work-related.

        flMFOUO) In December 2014, after her staff completed their response to the request from State
for her email records, CLINTON was asked what she wanted to do with her personal emails. Site told her
staff she did not need them anymore, in or around this same timeframe the retention policy lor her email
was changed as part of her move to. a new personal office account

                     CUNT ON transitioned to an email address on ftte hteofficereom domain because she
had a small number of persona! staff, but. no physical office or common email domain. To address these
issues, she moved to a common email domain and physical office space. After this -move. -CLINTON did
not recall any forther access to elintonemail.com<

        (U/rFOUQ) CLINT ON never deleted, nor did she.instruct anyone to delete, her email to avoid
complying with the Federal Records Act, LOLA, or State or FBI requests tor information. Concerning the
Congressional preservation request on March 3,2015 for email and other records, CLINTON trusted her
legal team would comply with the request.

                    CLINTON had no knowledge regarding the following topics:
* The .creation, storage, tratssfer, or access to an archive of her email created by MONICA HANLEY in
  the Spring of 2013

•   The specific processes and procedures used by CLINT ON'S legal team and PRN to separate her work
    and personal email

♦ Discussions of federal records related to the Apple, Pagtiano, or ERN servers




                                                                                                           bl
                                                                                                           b3
