                                                                                                                                    bl
                                                                                                                                    b3
                                                                                                                                    b7E
statutes and whether classified information was compromised by unauthorized individuals, to
include foreign governments or intelligence services, via cyber intrusion or other means.
(U//FOUQ) In furtherance of its investigation, the FBI acquired computer equipment and mobile
devices, to include equipment associated with two separate e-mail server systems used by
Clinton, and forensically reviewed the items to recover relevant evidence. In response to FBI
requests for classification determinations in support of this investigation, US Intelligence
Community (USIC) agencies determined that 81 e-mail chains,15,cwhich FBI investigation
determined were transmitted and stored on Clinton's UNCLASSIFIED personal server systems,
contained classified information ranging from the CONFIDENTIAL to TOP SECRET/SPECIAL
ACCESS PROGRAM levels at the time they were sent between 2009-2013. USIC agencies
determined that 68 of these e-mail chains remain classified. In addition, the classification
determination process administered by the US Department of State (State) in connection with
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) litigation identified approximately 2,000 additional e-mails
currently classified CONFIDENTIAL and 1 e-mail currently classified SECRET, which FBI
investigation determined were transmitted and stored on at least two of Clinton's personal server
systems.d

(U//FOUO) The FBI's investigation and forensic analysis did not find evidence confirming that
Clinton's e-mail accounts or mobile devices were compromised by cyber means. However,
investigative limitations, including the FBI's inability to obtain all mobile devices and various
computer components associated with Clinton's personal e-mail systems, prevented the FBI from
conclusively determining whether the classified information transmitted and stored on Clinton's
personal server systems was compromised via cyber intrusion or other means. The FBI did find
that hostile foreign actors successfully gained access to the personal e-mail accounts of
individuals with whom Clinton was in regular contact and, in doing so, obtained e-mails sent to
or received by Clinton on her personal account.

1. HJ/ff0F01 Clinton's Personal E-Mail Server Systems

A.       (U/fFOUO) Initial E-mail Server: June 2008 - March 2009

(U//FOU0) In or around 2007, Justin Cooper, at the time an aide to former President William
Jefferson Clinton (President Clinton), purchased an Apple OS X server (Apple Server) for the
sole purpose of hosting e-mail services for President Clinton's staff.1,2Due to concern over
ensuring e-mail reliability and a desire to segregate e-mail for President Clinton's various post­
presidency endeavors. President Clinton's aides decided to maintain physical control of the
Apple Server in the Clinton residence in Chappaqua, New York (Chappaqua residence).3,4,5
According to Cooper, in or around June 2008, a representative from Apple installed the Apple


b (U//F0UO) The number of classified e-mail chains identified may change as classification determination responses continue to
be returned to the FBI.
c (U//FOU0) For the purposes of the FBI1s investigation, an “e-mail chain” is defined as a set of e-mail responses having the
same initial e-mail. The subject line may be edited in these chains to reflect the purpose of the forward or reply.
d (U//TOUO) State did not provide a determination with respect to the classification of these e-mails at the time they were sent.
According to State Under Secretary of Management, Patrick Kennedy, unclassified information provided to State in confidence
can later be considered classified when it is “further assessed the disclosure of such information might damage national security
or diplomatic relationships.” Such information is referred to as “up-class” or “up-classified.”

                                                         Page 2 of 47

                                         SECRET//eB^D^fffflTTf^>1VT                                                                 bl
                                                                                                                                    b3
                                                                                                                                    b7E
