                                                                                                                                  bl
                                                                                                                                  b3
                                                                                                                                  b7E
Williams & Connolly as part of Clinton's production to the FBI, including e-mails from January
23, 2009 through March 18, 2009.bbb

B.     (U//FOUO) Classification Portion Markings in E-mail Recoveredfrom Personal Server
Systems

(U//F0U0) The FBI identified three e-mail chains, encompassing eight individual e-mail
exchanges to or from Clinton's personal e-mail accounts, which contained at least one paragraph
marked “(C),” a marking ostensibly indicating the presence of information classified at the
CONFIDENTIAL level. 386>387>388 The emails contained no additional markings, such as a header
or footer, indicating that they were classified. State confirmed through the FOIA review process
that one of these three e-mail chains contains information which is currently classified at the
CONFIDENTIAL level.ccc’389 State determined that the other two e-mail chains are currently
UNCLASSIFIED.390’391 State did not provide a determination as to whether any of these three e-
mails were classified at the time they were sent.

(U//FOUQ) When asked about the e-mail chain containing “(C)” portion markings that State
determined to currently contain CONFIDENTIAL information, Clinton stated she did not know
what the “(C)” meant at the beginning of the paragraphs and speculated it was referencing
paragraphs marked in alphabetical order.ddd’3 2 Clinton identified a “CONFIDENTIAL” header
and footer (inserted in the document by the FBI prior to the interview) and asked if the “(C)”
related to the “CONFIDENTIAL” header and footer.393 Clinton did not believe the content of the
e-mail was classified and questioned the classification determination.394 When asked of her
knowledge regarding TOP SECRET, SECRET, and CONFIDENTIAL classification levels of
USG information, Clinton responded that she did not pay attention to the “level” of classification
and took all classified information seriously.395

C.     (U//FOUO) Classified Information Found in Clinton's E-mails on Personal Server
Systems

(U//F0U6-) FBI and USIC classification reviews identified 81 e-mail chains containing
approximately 193 individual e-mail ex changes686that were classified from the
CONFIDENTIAL to TOP SECRET levels at the time the e-mails were drafted on
UNCLASSIFIED systems and sent to or from Clinton's personal server. Of the 81 e-mail chains
classified at the time of transmittal, 68 remain classified. Twelve of the e-mail chains, classified

bbb (U//FOUO) According to Clinton's campaign website, Clinton only provided State her work-related e-mails dated alter March
18, 2009. E-mails from January 21, 2009 to March 18, 2009 were not produced to State or the FBI by Williams & Connolly.
According to Samuelson and Mills, they were unable to locate Clinton's e-mails from this period. The e-mails from this time
period were not provided to them by PRN, and they believed the e-mails were not backed up on any server. Investigation
determined some of Clinton's e-mails from January 23, 2009 to March 17, 2009 were captured through a Datto backup on June
29, 2013. However, the e-mails obtained are likely only a subset of the e-mails sent or received by Clinton during this time
period.
ccc (U//FOUO) The three e-mail chains containing the portion mark of “(C)” are not considered as part of the group of e-mails
classified through the FBI classification review because State has not responded to the FBI request for classification
determinations for these e-mails.
ddli (U//FOUQ) Earlier in her FBI interview, when asked what the classification marking “(SBU)” meant, Clinton correctly stated
Sensitive But Unclassified.
eee (U/iFOUO) Due to the limited insight into other USG and personal e-mail accounts, the investigation was unable to determine
if e-mails from the classified e-mail chains were forwarded to other USG or personal e-mail addresses.

                                                       Page 20 of 47
                                                                                                                                  bl
                                                                      FORN                                                        b3
                                                                                                                                  b7E
