                                                                                                                               bl
                                                                                                                               b3
                                                                                                                               b7E
                                         s:                                rp


related to communicating around holidays, and it was often necessary to communicate in code or
do the best you could to convey the information considering the e-mail system you were
using.503 In reference to the same e-mail, Clinton believed if the foreign press was to obtain
information from that e-mail, it would not cause damage to the US Government.504 When asked,
Clinton recalled being briefed on SAP information but could not recall any specific briefing on
how to handle SAP information.505 Clinton stated she knew SAP information was of great
importance and needed to be handled carefully.506

F.        (U//FOUO) Gaps in Clinton E-mail Recoveredfrom Personal Server Systems

(U//FOU0) There were no e-mails provided by Williams & Connolly to State or the FBI dated
from January 21, 2009 to March 18, 2009. FBI investigation identified an additional 18 days
where Clinton did not provide State any responsive e-mail. FBI investigation determined 14 of
the 18 days where Clinton did not provide State any responsive e-mail correspond with e-mail
outages affecting Clinton's personal server systems as a result of both Hurricane Ireneuuu and
Hurricane Sandyvvv. FBI investigation indicated other explanations for gaps in Clinton's e-mail
production could include user deletion prior to PRN's transfer of Clinton's e-mails for review, or
flaws in the archiving and sorting process used to generate the responsive production to State.

4. (U//TOPQ) Results of the FBI Investigation and Analysis of Cyber Intrusion Potential

A.        (U//FOUO) Cyber Analysis of Clinton's Personal Server Systems

(U//FOU0) FBI investigation and forensic analysis did not find evidence confirming that
Clinton's e-mail server systems were compromised by cyber means. The FBI's inability to
recover all server equipment and the lack of complete server log data for the relevant time period
limited the FBI's forensic analysis of the server systems. As a result, FBI cyber analysis relied,
in large part, on witness statements, e-mail correspondence, and related forensic content found
on other devices to understand the setup, maintenance, administration, and security of the server
systems.

(U//FOU0-) Investigation determined Clinton's clintonemail.com e-mail traffic was potentially
vulnerable to compromise when she first began using her personal account in January 2009. It
was not until late March 2009, when the Pagliano Server was set up and an SSL certificate www
was acquired for the clintonemail.com domain—providing encryption of login credentials, but
not e-mail content stored on the server—that access to the server was afforded an added layer of
security. 507 ’508 The certificate was valid until September 13, 2013, at which time PRN obtained a
new certificate valid until September 13, 2018.509

(U//FOUO) During his December 22, 2015 FBI interview. Pagliano recalled a conversation with
        at the beginning of Clinton's tenure, in which        idvised he would not be                                           b6
                                                                                                                                b7C

ul,u (U//TOUO) The first of two extended outages occurred from August 28 to 30,2011 (3 days) as a result of Hurricane Irene.
vvv (U//TOUO) The second extended outage occurred from October 30, 2012 to November 9, 2012 (11 days) as a result of
Hurricane Sandy.
www (U//FOUO) According to FBI forensic analysis, there was no SSL certificate on the Pagliano Server between March 19,
2009, when the mail service was operational, and March 29 or 30, 2009, when the SSL certificate was installed on the server.

                                                       Page 27 of 47
                                                                                                                                bl
                                        SECRL                     W )FQR.
                                                                                                                                b3
                                                                                                                                b7E
