                                                                                                                bl
                         ^WSHSKEIV                                         mem-                                 b3
            RMnSSi




           <aYi.Kt(s2of____ MrUxa:.                              . OnJ2M2IM&- Pa«*       5:......
indicating b«r account was reaching a storage limit CLINTON was not aware of the specific details
regarding the hardware, software,, or security of the server hosting eUiitonemail.com. She occasionally
recei ved odd looking email, but never noticed an increase- in. these types of emails- that would be a cause
for concern. HUMA ABEDIN also had an account on clintonemaiI.com because:she-freqaaritiy-a^sbted
CLINTON with personal matters. CLINTON did not recall any other individuals being offered an
account on olinnmemaii.com.

       (LIYFOUO) CLINTON stated at least a hundred, if not several hundred. State employees had her
olintonemaileom address, Some communicated directly with her, while others went through her top level
stuff. When her top staff received information, the recipient would determine if the information should be
forwarded to her. None-of CLINTON’S staff ever expressed a concern regarding the sensitivity of the
content of these emails. CLINTON'S practice was to email State staff at their sttite.gov accounts, hut
would sometimes send email to a staff member's personal account if state.gov was down.

       (U# FQUQ.) After reviewing an email dated June 4,2011 with the subject line "RE: Google email
hacking and woeful state of civilian technology,” CLINTON stated she did not recall the compromise of
State employees' Gmail accounts. However,. CLINTON did recall the frustration over State's information
technology systems.

         (U//P0UQ) After reviewing a State communication- dated June 28,20 ! 1 with the subject line
''Securing .Personal Entail Accounts,” CLINTON stated all cables of a certain policy nature
 went out under her name and she did not recall this specific cable. Additionally. CLINTON did not
recall this cable .correlating with BRYAN PAG1JAN0 upgrading the elmionemaiLcom server.
CLINTON did not consider switching to a siatc.gov account at this time, but did recall reports of
compromises to staie.gov systems. CUN TON understood the email system used by her husband's
personal- stall had an excel Sent track record wi th respect to security and had never been breached.

        (U/rPOUQ) CUNTON was not Involved in the decision to move from the Apple server managed,
by JUSTIN COOPER to a server built by BRYAN PAOUANO, Therefore, CUNTON had no
 knowledge of the reasons for selecting to install It in the basement of CLINTON'S New York residence or
the hardware, software, and security protocols- used to construct and operate the server. Furthermore.
CUN TON did not have any conversations with regard to using the server to avoid the Freedom of
 Information Act (FOIA), and specifically denied using the server to avoid Federal Records Act. (FRA)
 requirements, Based on her practice of emailing staff oh their state.gov accounts, CUNTON assumed her
            lions were captured by State systems. CLINTON was not aware of State employee____
jaammutticatiians                                                                                              b6
                                                                                                               b7C
            _|ex
               expressing concerns CLIN'TON's email-server was not compliant wills the FRA.

     (IJ//FOUO) When CLIN TON had technical issues with her email account, she contacted
COOPER to resolve foe issues, 'She.could- not: recall -ever contacting PAOUANO for technical support.
CLINTON recalled having issues with email during Hurricane Irene because cell phone systems were




                                                                                                                bl
                                                                           e e w                                b3
