                                                                                                            bl
                                     SlM E'I                               W      f                         b3
yjj-m-iCRcv- n*4>m




(XwsSisua   >,'i t-n. -iiV> o f   «■«•<>.' rtCn;i5.-»v        On tM>2/20Sfr, Rage-----_ 9 .
                                                                                                            bl
                                                 'LINTON believed information should be classified in the
                                                                                                            b3
case ol covert military action, me use of sensitive sources and where sensitive ddihemtlons took place.
When asked whether CLINTON believed information should :be classified if its imauthorized release
would cause damage to national security, she responded, "yes, that is the understanding," CLINTON
believed the classification level of future drone, strikes depended on the context. CLINTON believed
drone strikes to be an '•important tool'’ but also a program frequently in the nres.j

CLIN ION believed the people at State did the best they could to deliberate about nttnre strikes and
respond to foreign governments and media after a strike occurred,

        fUhTQUQ) CLIN TON stated she received no instructions or direction regarding the preservation
or production of records from State during the transition out of her role as Secretary of State in early
2033. However, in December of 2032, CLINTON suffered a concussion and then around the New Year
had a blood clot. Based on her doctor's advice, she could only work at State for a few hours a day and
could not recall every briefing she received, CLINTON did not have any discussions with aides about
turning over her email records, nor did ..anyone from State request them. She believed her work-related
emai ls were captured by her practice of sending email to the state.gov email addresses of her staff
CLIN TON was unaware of the requirement to turn over printed records at that time. Her physical records
were boxed up and handled by aides.

        (U//fOUO) After reviewing am email dated December 1L 2012 with the subjectTine *TW;
Significant I'OlA Report,” CLINTON stated she did not recall the specific: request and was not aware of
receiving any FQIA requests for information related to her email during her tenure as Secretary of State.
State had a FQIA department and CLINTON relied on the professionals in that department to address
FOlA matters,

        (UAFQlfO) Shortly after' leaving State, representatives from State came to her residence and
removed communications and other equipment they had installed to facilitate her duties as Secretary of
State, CLINTON- did not recall being read+aui of her clearance or any SAPs by Stale personnel

        {UfflFOUQj CLINTON'S email address was publicly disclosed in March 2013 when
BLUMENTHAL'S email account was compromised. As a result, CLINTON was advised to change her
email address and did so. but she did not recall specifically who made this recommendation.

       (U/fFOUO) Regarding the transition from the Fagliano server to a server operated by Platte River
Networks (PEN), CLINTON recalled her husband’s staff wanted a higher level of sendee than could he
provided by the Fagliano server- This transition was likely bandied by one of her husband's aides,
JUSTIN COOPER,

        {U/.’TOUbH In the Pali of 2014, CLINTON recalled receiving a letter front State which was also
sent to former Secretaries of State COI JN POWELL, C0NDOLEE2ZA RICE, and MADELEINE



                                                                                                            bl
                                     x?                                    4QC/NF                           b3
